"Ship" Copy Updates (#810)
replicatedhq/help-center: content/docs/kubernetes/packaging-an-application/ingress.md

{{< linked_headline "Ingress in the Replicated Appliance" >}}

> Replicated deploys with the [Contour](https://github.com/heptio/contour) ingress controller, which runs in the `heptio-contour` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replicated includes the [Contour](https://github.com/heptio/contour) ingress controller, which runs in the `heptio-contour` namespace.
```
